Good morning, family. How are you all doing today? Well, I'm Brandon Biggs and this is Diana Biggs, and this is my wife.
We're excited to be with you. We have some things on our heart and we're just going to get right to it.
We want to take communion with you, and we're going to pray and lift up your needs.
If you have something that you have need of today, know that all things are possible to him who believes.
I believe that today is your day for your healing, for your deliverance, for your miracle. Diana and I want to agree with you. We'll be your two.
You may say there's nobody out there praying for me, there's nobody out there agreeing with me for anything, but you've come to the right place today.
We want you to know that it wasn't by accident that you clicked this video, because there's somebody out there in your corner that's believing God with you.
Ladies and gentlemen, you have two people right here who love the Lord, and we know that when we pray, we get our prayers answered because God is our friend.
He visits us, and I believe with all my heart he'll visit you.
He's no respecter of persons, ladies and gentlemen, and what he does for one of his kids, he'll do for all of them.
It just takes faith. It just takes you reaching out in faith and believing.
So we just want you to know you have somebody in your corner believing for you.
Diana and I will agree with you and believe with you for your miracle today.
Nothing's too big and nothing's too small. Jesus will meet you right where you are.
I just want you to know that we're believing for big things, whatever you need.
You could tell us, 'Brandon, I've got this and this,'and it's not going to shock us.
We believe that God is able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
So we're going to take communion and believe God for the manifestation of healing and for your deliverance.
You may be bound by something; you say, 'I've been dealing with this for 30 years, this alcoholism or whatever,'and you might have cirrhosis of the liver.
The doctors tell you if you don't stop doing this, you're going to go home, and you think, 'How can I get free from that?'I believe today is your day.
I don't know who that's for, but that just came up out of my spirit.
There's somebody dealing with alcoholism; you've been bound by this and you've been hiding it.
You don't want people to know that you have a problem with alcohol; you're embarrassed of this and you've been dealing with it for a long time.
It's a spirit that's come to try to destroy you, but Jesus tells me today is your day.
You're going to get delivered from that alcoholic devil as you take communion with us.
That demonic spirit that's been pestering you and driving you to drink yourself to death is going to be broken off your life today. I believe it. Today is your day of deliverance.
I don't want you putting it in the comment section after you get free if you're embarrassed about it, but you can email us and tell us for privacy. You don't have to expose that, but we want to know.
We want to rejoice with you that you're free, because the devil comes to kill and destroy, but the Bible says that God has come that we might have life and life more abundantly.
I believe with all my heart today that the spirit of alcoholism is broken off of your life in the name of Jesus, for whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
This is not just about alcoholism; it's about every kind of addiction. Fentanyl, that's a spirit too, and it grabs a hold of you.
I believe from Oxycodone to fentanyl, to marijuana, to cocaine, to whatever you have need to be delivered of, I believe with all my heart from heroin to meth that you are free in the name of Jesus from these demonic spirits.
I speak to them right now. Father, we lift up this body, and you said that you became sickness for us, you became addiction for us.
You took all our griefs and all our pain, all of our burdens, all of our sorrows. You took it all for us.
The Bible says that you were wounded for our transgressions, you were bruised for our iniquities; the chastisement of our peace was upon you and with your stripes we are healed.
We take this body in the name of Jesus, and as we take this body, we have a covenant with you for deliverance, for healing, for emotional healing.
I speak to emotions and trauma from being sexually abused, verbally abused, to physically abused.
We speak to the trauma of that, from PTSD, and we say in the name of Jesus, be free.
Let the fire of the Holy Spirit move on you and deliver you from that bondage and the baggage of that.
I say in the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, you are free, for whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
I speak to all those demonic spirits: you let her go, you let him go, and you do not bother them anymore. We call their mind healed and whole and well.
Father, we take authority over those demonic spirits of torment in Jesus'name, and we say peace that passes all understanding is over your emotions today, over your mind.
I hear the Holy Spirit tell me you need to get in the word and renew your mind with the water of the word.
Renew your mind in the name of Jesus by the word of God, putting that word in through your eyes and your ears, listening and renewing your mind on a day-to-day basis, and that will deliver you even more.
You will know the truth and the truth will keep you free. Yes, you need to know the truth of God's word and what he says about you, and that truth will set you free.
You have to get that inside of you. When the devil tries to remind you of your past—'this happened to you as a child, your daddy did this, your mama did this'—you have to remind him of his future.
Say, 'Satan, you reminded me of my past today; I'm going to remind you that you're going to burn in hell for eternity in the lake of fire.'There's a fire waiting for you, buddy, and every one of your devils and every one of your imps and all your spiritual wickedness in high places.
There's a place for you in the fire and you're going to burn there through all eternity.
I'm telling you, he'll stop doing that. If he reminds you of your past, you keep reminding him of his future.
He doesn't want to hear it. Resist the devil and he will flee.
Submit yourself unto God, resist the devil, and he will flee.
He will scream in terror, but you've got to submit yourself. How you do that is you get in the word.
I submit myself to you, I resist the devil, I will not fall into this temptation again of alcoholism.
I thank you, Father. We take this body right now in Jesus'name.
Lord, you're the healer, you're the deliverer, and we take authority over that spirit of alcoholism right now and we command you to get out now in the name of Jesus.
Now, Lord, we plead the blood. You told us if we make much of the blood, the blood will make much of us.
We make much of the blood today and we apply the blood over these circumstances, over these addictions.
We apply the blood of Jesus over us and we thank you, Father, that you've set us free.
We don't have to be bound by the devil's hand anymore. We take this blood and we thank you, Lord, for the blood of Jesus Christ.
Thank you, Lord, for the forgiveness of our sins. For if we confess our sins, you're faithful and just to forgive us and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
Everybody say amen on that. I believe that you're free today and that devil can't stay inside; he can't torment you no more.
Out of that flesh, I speak deliverance and wholeness. I speak to that demonic spirit: you break off now in Jesus'name. You go, spirit of grief, you spirit of worry, get out now.
There's someone dealing with a broken marriage, a bad divorce, and then there's another person who lost a child, losing someone dear to you.
It came through a spirit of depression, a spirit of heaviness, and because of that, you drank to try to cover that pain.
The Lord wants to set you free. Be free today in Jesus'name. Holy Spirit, go through this camera right where they are.
I believe as we pray, you receive deliverance from those addictions.
I see a gambling addiction; you've been tormented by gambling so much so that it's almost destroyed you.
Your finances are a wreck because of this demonic spirit that has been sent and is generational.
It will end today in Jesus'name. You get your hand off of them; I break this right now and we sever this.
It's online gambling; credit card debt has mounted up. Father, I praise you and thank you that you're setting these people free today.
They'll turn their life around by the word of God. Lord, we believe we receive your deliverance, healing, and all that you have for us.
We speak life over the bodies and we speak healing, wholeness, and wellness over them.
We command the demonic spirit of depression and anxiety to go now.
Bipolar disorder, we speak to you to go now. Healing and wholeness is over their minds.
Father, I thank you their hormones are lined up; serotonin levels are lining up, dopamine levels are lining up.
We thank you, Father, that you have taken it all on the cross for us.
We won't take Satan's package anymore. Father, I thank you for healing over their bodies today.
Fibromyalgia is being healed right now. We speak to fibromyalgia and call you whole and well in Jesus'name.
Lyme disease—I just saw Lyme disease from ticks. The Lord showed me a tick.
I say in the name of Jesus, you are free from Lyme disease from a tick bite.
Thank you, Father, for that anointing going through this camera right now.
We speak to that Lyme disease and call that blood pure in Jesus'name.
Every cell, every fiber of that body be healed. Father, I saw chronic migraine headaches.
I say in the name of Jesus, you are free from these headaches, these demonic strongholds.
It's actually a demonic spirit trying to attach itself. We call you out, headache devil, go now.
Grinding of the teeth—it's habitual worrying. Cast all your cares upon him, for he cares for you.
Take no thought for tomorrow. Let the peace that passes all understanding flow over your mind today.
Completely delivered from those headaches, completely delivered from TMJ.
Father, I lift these women up who are believing God to conceive a child and I call their wombs to be healed in Jesus'name.
Body, conceive in the name of Jesus. We speak to the Fallopian tubes, the ovaries, everything functioning as it should.
Father, I thank you that you bless their fruit and rebuke the devourer for our sake.
I thank you that they have healthy pregnancies, long and full-term. You said our vine will not cast its fruit before its time.
So Father, I thank you that there is life in their wombs, that they would have easy pregnancies and no postpartum depression.
I rebuke postpartum depression in the name of Jesus. You shall not rob these women of the joy of being a new mother.
There is no weapon formed against them or these babies that shall prosper.
For the whole person—their spirit, soul, and body—no Down syndrome, no autism in the name of Jesus, no cerebral palsy or birth defects.
I just saw birth defects; we pray for the arms, fingers, toes.
You will have everything, missing nothing, broken nothing.
Creative miracles over the limbs and the amniotic fluid. Thank you, Lord.
We call forth healing and wholeness in there. We thank you, Lord, that these mothers will not have to go on bed rest.
No cleft palates—I saw that in the spirit too. Father, we speak healing over cleft palates in Jesus'name.
Heart defects—we speak to heart defects and holes in the heart. We call heart defects healed.
We call the baby's heart to be formed and completely whole, and that they would be flipped down as they're supposed to, not breech.
No cords wrapped around the neck in Jesus'name. And their Apgar scores—they wouldn't have to be on oxygen.
We call you to be healthy. Mothers, you speak to your child. You have authority over your baby.
Lay your hands on your stomach and pray blessing over your baby. Flip and be right; come out whenever it's time, no breech.
If they say we're going to have to induce you because it's been too long, I call you to come out of there in Jesus'name.
That's what we did. We took communion, laid hands on Diana's stomach, and told each one it's time for you to come forth now.
You're full-term, you come out; we're not going to be induced.
We have authority over you as mommy and daddy. We tell you to come out now in Jesus'name.
Now, look at the date and see if it's full-term; don't do it prematurely, but the Lord gives us instinct.
If that doctor tells you, 'We're going to have to induce,'say no, we're going to speak to this baby to come forth.
I take communion and have authority. I call you healthy, I call you blessed, little baby.
I speak to your mind and eyes to develop like they're supposed to.
Nothing missing, nothing broken. Then we would take a seed and sow a seed for the harvest.
We'd say, 'Father, we thank you, we plant this into good ground, and we thank you there's a covering over this with a financial seed.'I saw that in the spirit when I was praying.
We can educate a little bit here about what we do. It's needed. Anointing your stomach with oil and believing God.
We would take a seed and sow it to a ministry and say, 'Lord, we thank you that there's blessing on it.'David said he would not give God an offering that didn't cost him something.
That's what made it valuable, because it was worship from the heart. When it came to my children, I wanted to sow for their peace.
I give, and it shall be given unto me, good measure, pressed down, shaken together.
I sowed an offering of thanks for a healthy baby. I'm not manipulating God; we gave it as an offering of worship.
I didn't want to give something that didn't cost me something, but to say, 'God, thank you for a healthy child.'It may be a hundred bucks, fifty bucks, twenty bucks, or a dollar.
You may be living on a dollar. 'Father, I give this dime to you.'There's been times when we sowed a pencil, whatever we found on the floor.
At the beginning of the year, I sow a significant seed to the Lord for the year to be blessed.
In 2025, we'll do it again. 'Father, we sow this as an offering of thanksgiving to you.
We sow into 2025 believing for a financial blessing.'We always give a sacrificial seed.
God says, 'I'm going to give this by faith.'Write down what you're believing for in 2025 and take communion over it.
Believe God for big. Closing out 2024, don't let go of it yet—we still have 50-some days left—but believe God going into 2025.
We sow a seed believing for a harvest over our finances. Father, we thank you that 2025 will be an amazing year, exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
That's how we lived our life. We give offerings of thanks ahead of time.
That's action in faith—giving him thank yous before you even receive it in the natural. Without faith, it's impossible to please God.
You sow into good ground, your church, wherever the Lord tells you, and you give that offering of thanks.
Every single time, we write down our vision and what we're believing for and we take communion over it.
We fold it up and put it in a place where we don't see it again until the end of the year. It's amazing to see what God did.
When you take communion and put God first by giving offerings of thanksgiving starting out the year—do it on New Year's Day.
I don't do it ahead of time because I'm still believing for 2024.
But I'm feeling in my heart to tell you this so you can start meditating on it.
Write down what you're believing for. It could be a new car, a new house, or a new husband if you're single. You don't want to be alone anymore. Write it down.
'God, I'm believing for a spouse this year.'I'd take that a step further: write down specific qualities that you desire in a mate. You don't want to be unequally yoked with unbelievers.
Don't think you're getting some Bubba who has all these problems and you think, 'Well, God sent me this Ishmael.'It's an Ishmael, and Isaac is around the corner.
Don't settle for an Ishmael because you think Bubba came and he's not what you were believing for. He's not saved; he doesn't love the Lord.
The Lord might have brought him and he's a Bubba, and you go, 'Who?'And the Lord said, 'That's your Ishmael; God's going to bring your Isaac.'So don't settle for an Ishmael.
That's a sermon. People settle for way too much or they give their birthright away for a bowl of porridge.
Don't settle for second best. Settle for what God has. I say write the vision down and when you get to 2025, believe God for exceedingly abundantly.
Fold it up, put it away. If you're believing for a baby and haven't been able to conceive, sow a seed.
There's a lot about offering of praise and tither's rights.
In Malachi, he said he rebukes the devourer for your sake and your vine will not cast its fruit before its time.
It works. The word will work if you work it. We do a lot by giving offerings of thanksgiving above tithe.
My point of contact is a seed—it's like my stamp in the spirit realm.
I have a seed there for Diana and I to have a blessed 2025. Thank you for supernatural favor.
We will not struggle; we'll have over and above. That's what we believe for 2024, and it's not over yet.
We put things on there for a vacation—'Lord, we're believing for a vacation to take our kids somewhere.'Write every one of them down and keep it.
Don't forget to get it back out at the end of the year and you'll see all the checkmarks.
He did that for me! And then you give thanks to him. It does not have to be something huge.
Write the biggest thing that seems impossible and then write the smallest little thing.
We make a list and number it 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. Sometimes we fill up three pieces of paper.
We anoint it with oil, take communion over it, and seal it: 'Do not open until January 2025.'We put it somewhere private.
Just believe God big, ladies and gentlemen, because he'll do it.
We did it for 2024 and there are things that were impossible in the natural that we're seeing some fruit of.
We serve a big God who cares for the needs of his people. There are people pregnant right now who have swollen feet.
Well, the Israelites walked around for 40 years and their feet never got swollen, so we have a right to believe God for no swollen feet during pregnancy.
Father, I agree with Diana. We call your feet not to swell. We command gout and issues with swelling to go now in Jesus'name.
We call healing over their bodies. We call your blood pressure to level out and be normal.
Hypertension will not take place anymore. We lift up Elon Musk again and we call him saved, radically saved. We call the blinders to be off of his eyes.
Father, I thank you that you're bringing laborers across his path to witness to him, bringing angelic visitations.
I thank you, Lord, that Starlink will be used to get the gospel spread throughout the whole world.
I thank you, Lord, that he could be the next Billy Graham, using his status to bring forth the gospel to preach the good news.
I thank you that Donald Trump would know you in a deeper level.
We thank you, Lord, that he has an intimate relationship with you and that he's going from glory to glory with revelation knowledge of the word of God. Putting the right people around him of great influence.
I thank you, Father, for a supernatural covering over Donald Trump, that there is no weapon formed against him, his wife, or his children that will prosper.
No terrorist attacks, no calamity. We cover him with Psalm 91.
We cover him from the top of his head to the soles of his feet and pray a hedge of blood around the leader of this nation.
We thank you, Lord, that he is being raised up for such a time as this, for a godly turnaround over this nation.
We call forth revival on the Senate floor and in the House. We call forth a revival in Jesus'name.
A move of the spirit of the Lord will manifest and take root over our Congress.
We thank you, Lord, for a supernatural move of healings and manifestations of glory over our country again.
We believe there will be a move of God like we've never seen before over America, Asia, Africa, South America, Europe, over all the nations.
One last call, one last push for a major move of God. I thank you for the underground churches in Asia; they will rise up and be bolder than they've ever been.
A supernatural anointing will rest upon them. The Shekinah glory cloud.
People having arms and legs and eyes and ears replaced. Nothing missing, nothing broken.
We call forth a great harvest of souls. People leaving Buddha and leaving Muhammad and all the false religions.
A great move of God in Russia, over Moscow and over all the cities. A supernatural fire will move over the land.
All over Africa, from the north to the south, there will be a great harvest of souls.
We call forth a great harvest throughout South America and Australia—a radical visitation for the fire of God over Queensland.
We give you great glory for a mighty move over all the islands, from Jamaica to the Philippines.
One last push, for the time of your Son is coming; he is standing at the door.
We thank you, Lord, for a financial victory and manifestations of money to support your gospel throughout the whole world, not to hoard it but to be a blessing.
We give you all the glory for it and consider it done. We thank you, Lord, that you're moving in Hollywood.
There will be a move in the celebrities; they will turn from their wicked ways.
They are hungry and thirsty and they will find it not in New Age or Satanism or the occult, but they will find it in you.
A new river of living water will flow over Hollywood. We thank you, Lord, that there's one last call for a great harvest.
The harvesters are here now, rising up with great boldness to bring in the lost.
I feel his presence. Thank you, Father, for moving in the midst of these people.
Moving upon Mexico, Guatemala, El Salvador, and Venezuela.
We call for a revival, Lord! One last call for a great harvest of souls.
Let the church bells ring and let the people wake up, for Jesus Christ is coming again.
It's time to wake up. Breathe on the people today, Holy Spirit, in their houses and in their cars.
We call for fresh fire and a fresh touch of the living water. Fresh fire in Jesus'name!
Shake them once again, Lord! New wine and a new wineskin over them right now.
Holy Spirit, we call for revival in the Jewish community. A flood of your salvation will flow over the Jewish community.
We thank you, Lord, that you're real to them, just like you were to the children of Israel.
Great demonstrations throughout Israel; appear to them, Father, as the Messiah Jesus Christ has come in the flesh.
A harvest coming all throughout Canada, throughout Quebec and British Columbia. A great move like they've never seen before.
Over Ireland, we call forth a revival in Jesus'name, and over the UK, Iceland, Finland, and Nova Scotia.
A revival that is moving all over South America, all throughout the Amazon River. We call for those people to be born again.
From the top of the Amazon all the way down, we call for a move of the spirit of the Lord. Lord, they will not be able to stand and hide anymore.
There's great witchcraft over that area, but at the rising of the sun, the people will be free.
Jesus will be made known. He is alive and arose again. He has come to set the captives free.
All over the Middle East—in Jordan, Iraq, Oman, and Yemen, Afghanistan, Turkey—we call for revival in Jesus'name.
Rising like a mighty wave! A revival like a blanket over the southern border.
The sun is setting for this dispensation of grace is coming to an end.
Jesus is standing at the door. We're out of time. He's given us a four-year window.
There's a four-year time of the Shemitah cycle. I see a light in every single year and it's getting brighter and brighter.
The glory! We should be focused on the glory. The popcorn kernels are popping.
The enemy thinks he has won, but there is a great harvest yet to come.
It's like an orchestra, a beautiful orchestra flowing, moving in the spirit.
As people get born again, they're adding to the orchestra. It's expanding.
New believers are bringing more people in. The music is playing before the Father.
I see the Hallelujah ringing. The people are moving together as an army and then we all go up.
We're singing Hallelujah before the Father. We're moving as an orchestra, a beautiful symphony.
New notes are coming up like rainbows out of the people. We praise and we adore thee, bowing down before thee, oh Lord.
I see them all marching together; they blended as one. All those people I saw being added during the revival kept growing and expanding.
They were singing and making melody to the Lord. Then all of a sudden they were caught up in the Rapture.
They were sitting before his throne and they all became one fire.
It was beautiful blue fire that went before the Father. He was breathing it in.
Those people were gathering up their friends and family, and the glory was bringing them in as a harvest.
Each person was golden and shining with glory. Then we all got sucked up like shafts of light.
All of it became one. All those individuals became one body before the Father, and the fire came.
Hallelujah is ringing from every tribe and every tongue. They're all coming to the Son.
We praise and we adore thee, bowing down before thee. My goodness, babe, I look forward to it so much.
He's given us a window. I assure you time is running out. Stay on the vine.
Jesus is coming. Days of heaven on earth. We thank you for the harvest, for you're the Lord of the harvest.
He is the storehouse. Well, we're excited you joined us today.
We pray this prayer time has blessed you today. For the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
Will you help him bring in the harvest today? Thank you for praying with us. You truly are family to us. Jesus is coming!
We're excited to raise up a million people to pray with us on a day-to-day basis for a time of refreshing.
He said it's time for my body to be refreshed. Allow him to flow like he just did.
No agenda other than just to give him glory. To bring and assemble that body together to worship and magnify the King. Fresh fire! When it's like this, I don't want to let it go.
In the presence of Jehovah, God Almighty, Prince of Peace, troubles vanish, hearts are mended, in the presence of the King.
There's a wave of healing that just hit right then. Receive what you're believing for today.
Restoration is happening for you today. He is holy. Lord, there is none like you.
I sing your praises forever. Deeper in love with you, Jesus.
There's just something about your name. Master, Savior, Jesus, like a fragrance after the rain.
Let all heaven and earth proclaim: kings and kingdoms will all pass away, but there's something about your name.
Well, praise the Lord. Diana, I really don't know how to end other than saying we love you.
God bless you all. Remember: put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you, and we love you.
We pray the presence of the Lord comes into your house like he is in ours right now.
If you practice his presence, he will come. Well, we will see you again tomorrow.
We are blessed by every day we get to come. This blessed me as much as it blessed you.
I look forward to these times. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart and we will see you tomorrow. God bless you all. Have a blessed day. Bye-bye.